I knew that as soon as I found you had asked you to marry me
and be with me the rest of your life.
How did your non-laring size?
You couldn't listen back then.
Even though I couldn't see, I held your hand every day.
How could I not know?
You are the love of my life.
Whether a recording, a pen, or a ring,
they're all my ways of showing my love to you.
Which is never wavered.
I know it will take time to forgive me.
But all I ask is if you give me a chance to prove it myself.
Or if I thought of losing you, it would break my heart.
I never want to let you go.
Even if it means giving up my identity, my status, my house, my eyes, my life, my...
I work like you have your way. Never!